From Hansel minutes.com it's Hanselman's
our weekly discussion with web
developer and technologist Scott Hanselman.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing show
number three Oh four recorded
live Thursday, February 2nd, 2012. Support for
Hansel minutes is provided by
teller regard. Ady controls the
most comprehensive suite of components
for windows forums and asp.net
web applications. online@wwwdottelerik.com. In this
episode, Scott talks with Peter
Morefield about creating applications with
phone gap. Hi, this is
Scott Hanselman. This is another
episode of Hansel minutes today.
We're talking about mobile development
specifically with a thing called
phone gap. I recently released
a windows phone, seven application.
I've been learning about server
light and how to write
an application for windows phone
and a feeling pretty proud
of myself. And then I
take a look at my
buddy Pete's website and he's
come out with an application
that works on iOS and
on Android. He did it
with a thing called phone
gap. Thanks Pete, for coming
on the show. Thanks for
having me Scott. So phone
gap, you're not a server
like guy. How did you
come up with an Android
app and an iPhone app?
Out of nowhere, Scott, I
was looking for an application
for my boys or by
force got age to be
able to manage some of
their achievements, the boy Scouts,
I didn't see anything. And
I've always kind of wanted
to dip into this world
of, of iPhone and Android
development. And really haven't had
the cycles to go out
and learn objective C and
figure out all the different
things I needed to do
to develop something specific for
each platform. So I got
to look around and I
found phone gap out there,
which allows me to leverage
a lot of the skills
that I use every day
as a, as a web
developer and being able to
produce the apps kind of
on one code base, Right?
You're, you're one of my
contributors to nerd dinner, you
and John Peterson and John Galloway have
helped me with some of
the newer versions of nerd
dinner. So I know you
as a, an asp.net JavaScript
kind of an expert. Do
you, this phone gap, is
this an IDE like eclipse
or visual studio? So foam
gap, you can think of
it as a, as a
project template that you would
get for each of the,
of the platforms that you
want them to deliver to.
It's something that you can
download and you can install,
you know, either for, you
know, the Mac development environment
or the Android SDK or
something like that. Or you
can do kind of what
I did. And phone gap
has a service in the
cloud called build. And basically
what you do with build
is as you package up
your HTML and then you
offload it to the build
service, they wrap it up
in their little project template
and then spit you back
binaries. Mm, okay. So I,
I have a zip file
here that I downloaded from
phone gap and it's got
a live folder and in,
it has got Android and
Blackberry and Symbian and windows
and all this stuff, but
it doesn't like have like
a start here. It's not
a hundred percent clear, am
I, am I doing all
this work in a text
editor? Right? So there's, there's
two sides to it. One
is, is, is basically what
I think you downloaded. It's
these project templates that you
can use and start, you
know, start working with projects
on your Mac or in
the Android SDK. And you
know, the phone gap guys
rely on you to kind
of go to their Wiki
and they have some great
walkthroughs there that helped you
kind of get started with
those. The other side of
that is, is basically the
same thing. You have downloaded
that you would run on
your Mac, or you would
run an Android SDK, they
built a service around that.
And literally you're just pushing
up HTML to it. And
then they're spitting you back
a binary. I see. Okay.
So I thought that somehow
I would be working in
like this phone gap IDE
and doing all my work
in one place and then
pushing out different versions of
my application. But you're saying
that I'm actually using the
tools for the phone that
I want to target. So
it's more of a pull
thing. And by that, I
mean, if I want to
write a windows phone, phone
gap application, I'll be using
the windows phone SDK, but
I'll be using the phone
gap libraries. And if I
want to write an iOS
application using PhoneGap, I'm still
going to be using X
code and setting up the
project that way, Right. That's
one way of doing it.
And that's the way a
lot of people are doing
it, especially if they want
to use a lot of
custom behaviors with some of
the hardware on the device.
I took a different approach.
I don't have a Mac,
you know, I wanted to
try. And that's why phone
gap IX sodomy is because
I could develop for this
thing without having a Mac,
basically with the build service,
they do all of that
stuff, you know, building on
the Mac and setting up
your project and all that,
do all that for you
under the covers, through the
service. And all you do
is you build your, your
HTML package, you know, using
JavaScript and CSS and do
all the things that you
want to do, zip that
thing up. And you go
onto their service, their bill
dot  dot com. That's
what I think it is,
upload it. And then they
spit. You just spit you
back the binary there on
the website. Well, okay. So
there's, so there's multiple ways.
So it's, I could make
templates within my local development
environment, or I can do
what you just described and
then their web service kind
of their, it's like a
cloud of virtual machines, if
a build server in the
sky, and then they'll spit
those things out. Why did
you pick an Android and
iOS, if you could do
it in the sky, how
come you didn't just say
do them all Well, in
all honesty, you push to
the sky, it pushes you
back everything with the, without
with the exception of windows,
phone seven, which I think
they're working on now, I
just chose to kind of
put all my effort behind
getting in the store, the
iPhone and the Android, because
those are the two big
players in that subset. And
did you, where did you
do your work? Were you
in a text editor or
were you in visual studio?
I know you're a windows
guy. Yeah. I was actually
in visual studio and it
was just, I was just
adding HTML files and I
use jQuery mobile to go
along with it, to kind
of format my views. And
I was literally just using
the text editor there in
visual studio. And then when
I was done, no, I
wouldn't do a build. I
would package everything up in
a zip file and ship
it up to the phone
gap, build server. So can
you just hit F five
and, and test it in
like I E or Chrome,
when you want to see
how it's going, You, you
really can, especially as you,
you know, I was using
jQuery mobile, so I can
kind of see how things
would look kind of going
through the process. The one
thing I learned, cause I
wasn't testing on native devices,
I really kind of needed
to go and try and
test on the, at least
the browsers that were native
to that. So obviously if
I wanted to test things
for iOS, I need to
go in and run it
in Safari and that kind
of stuff. Hm. So if
I, I just wrote this
windows phone app and I
went file new project and
I said, windows phone app.
And I wrote a bunch
of XAML. If you're going
to write a phone gap
application for windows phone, you
say file new phone gap
starter. And then instead of
making a bunch of XAML
files, you make a www
folder kind of like it's
a web server and you
put your CSS and your
JavaScript and everything in there.
And then when you hit
, does it still look
like it should on the
phone? Or does it look
like some kind of weird
because you know how Java
never looked right anywhere? You
know, it always looked like
Java. Well, when I do
my testing, it looks fairly
close to what you end
up with on the device.
It's, it's slightly different once
you get back and sometimes
you have to trace down
the vice specific issues. So,
you know, if you're doing
this, you should, at some
point, you know, have an
iPhone and have an Android
and be able to at
least run it before you
try and push it to
the store, but really that's
it, you know, it's packaged
up the HTML and just
kind of ship off and
forget. And you know, there's
little things here and there
that you had to kind
of worry about, you know,
and it's the same thing
we worry about kind of
as web developers, right? So
my app uses local stores
to kind of remember things
on each device and each
browser kind of handles local
source just a little bit
differently. And so you had
to kind of find the
way that the play with
local source that they all
liked And the applications, as
far as like the marketplace,
they don't know that you're
using phone gap, but there's
not like it's not like
phone gap made a deal
with all these marketplaces. So
you're going to still need
like an Android manifest for
Android and you'll still need
a windows phone manifest for
windows, phone, things like that.
Right. Right. And that's the
good thing about the build
services is they, if you
upload with your HTML, you
upload a config dot XML
file that lists out a
bunch of things like splash
screens and icons and all
of those kinds of things
with your application and the
binders, they spit you back,
have all that stuff built
into it. Okay. When I
see examples of people doing
things like this in, in
HTML, they're usually pretty basic,
you know, maybe you see
them at a conference or
you watch a video and
someone will go and write
a calculator or something basic.
But those things usually don't
have a database or a
web service or services behind
them. But, but your application
is got a lot of
information. You've got, it looks
like dozens or hundreds of
merit, badges and details and
information about those and all
the different things that our
boys got asked to do
to become an Eagle scout,
HTML. Isn't something that I
think of when I think
about databases. And since you
don't have a server, how
are you doing that? How
are you querying information and
putting it on the screen?
I'm really on at this
point in the app, I'm
using local storage to kind
of remember things. And then
for, for example, for there's
136 mayor badges, I think
it is. I, all I
did was I created a
page for everyone, you know,
kind of just brute force
through it. Now, you know,
there is access to kind
of the, some database on
the device stuff that you
can do in phone gap.
And I've seen a lot
of chatter around it. I
just haven't messed with it
too much. When you say
local DB, you're talking about
like HTML fives, database access,
Correct. Yeah. Really? Anything, anything
that you can do with
HTML five of these browser
support you can do in
phone gap. And then, you
know, again, I would kind
of be remiss not to
mention that the phone get
guys have built a lot
of plugins that allow you
to access hardware on the
devices too. And they've done
that in a way that
you can get, get at
through JavaScript. So if you
wanted to do, if you
wanted to access the accelerometer
or the cameras, stuff like
that, they've got kind of
JavaScript, plugin API is available
through their phone gap dot
JS that you can use
to get at hardware on
the device to. So that
was, yeah, that was my
next question. So first on
the database side, you can,
you're using JavaScript, like for
example, you have a thing
where you can search your
merit badges. So you're saying
merit badges don't change. So
you don't need to go
to a database for that.
You just have a hard
coded list of the merit
badge. And then as you're
going to start tracking progress
and enhancing the application to
say, these are the badges
that I have, those things
will then be stored in
the local database using HTML
five. And is this because
all of these phones have
HTML five? I mean, phone
gap is basically running a
native app and then hosting
their own browser inside of
it, right? Like, so if
you're on iPhone, you're looking
at Safari in inside of
That's exactly what they do
is, is they, you know,
they have a browser view
or browser object running it's
in their app. And then,
but it is serving this
content backup. So when each
team five gives you, is
this is all these browsers
support, HTML five more or
less. And it gives you
kind of a common development
platform to kind of do
the same thing across each
of the devices. The, the,
the JavaScript API is that
you're calling. So this is
just phone gap, specific JavaScript.
And then somehow they're going
to, they're making like window
dot external, or how are
they letting you see the
external libraries and things like
cameras? I don't know a
lot of that, a lot
of the details behind how
they're doing some of that
specific stuff, but What kind
of things are available? Like
would I, would I actually
write code that says, Oh,
this device has an accelerometer,
let my user know, and
this device doesn't so hide
it because I realized that
you can't write an application,
that's going to run perfectly
everywhere. We would, you find
yourself saying, Oh, I'm on
an Android. Then do this
other whole thing that I
wouldn't be doing on another
platform. You very well could
do that. I've seen a
lot of chatter around device,
specific issues they've had with
different hardware stuff. And the
guys that phone gap are
really great about kind of
staying on top of questions
and issues that have come
up. And they, they also
run pretty quickly through if
they've identified issues, they'll put
out releases pretty quickly to
address those issues. And were
you able to work from
a single source? Cause as
I'm, as I'm kind of
learning about this, I'm seeing
that there, you know, there's
like, like you said, multiple
ways to do it. You
can use phone gaps, layer,
abstraction, and count on them
to do the right thing.
But if you find as
you're developing your application, that
the main, the Android one
just doesn't work right. The
way I want it, or
the iPhone one, you know,
the dropdowns don't look correct.
I mean, how many times
did you get yourself in
a situation like that, where
it worked on one and
not the other, and how
did you get through it?
Right. So honestly, I went
started with the outset and
this is where jQuery mobile
helped me start it from
the outset of kind of
developing it kind of in
the jQuery mobile way. So
it worked as many places
as it could. The only
time that I've run into
issues with the vice specific
and browser specific things is
quite honestly, as in dealing
with this windows phone seven
one that I'm trying to
get out now. And it
doesn't like playing with the
phone gap quite as nicely
as some of the other
things too. My phone gap
talks about on their forums.
They do talk about the
ongoing support for a windows
phone seven. And there's a
guy out there, Matt Lacey,
who's got a kind of
a windows phone, seven project
plugin that you can still
use the same source that
you, that I ship off
with my iPhone and Android
version. But he, it allows
us to play a little
nicer with the browser. What
do you, what do you
think about this, this style
of development? Was there any
time while you were writing
your mobile in HTML where
you wished that you just
did it in objective C
or did it in Java
or did it in C
sharp? Not for me there
wasn't Scott. I mean, you
know, going out and trying
and learning objective C and
Java and all that was,
was my barrier to entry
in this and phone gap
is, is what's allowed me
to kind of really dig
in and, you know, put
something out that, you know,
that hopefully will help people
out. And at least, you
know, for no other reason
than just being fun for
me to kind of ride.
But, you know, I didn't
have a lot of time
or a lot of cycles
to really spin up and,
you know, learn objective C
and kind of go through
all those things. So for
me, this is what got
me into it. If, if
I wouldn't have found something
like this and I probably
wouldn't even written this out,
Really, like let's say like
you, I think you said
that really well, that, that
learning those other platforms for
you. Cause you know, you've
got a day job learning.
Those things is really the
barrier. So it's like, you
know, to even go and
start, it's just not possible.
Right. Right. And this is
really what kind of motivated
me and got me over
the hump to want to
go out and do this
Now. But how come you
didn't just make this a
website, like if you're saying
jQuery mobile and everyone's talking
about how you can just
have someone bookmark your application,
why, why not just make
it a website and do
everything mobile and forget about
the phone gap part? You
know, I very well could
have done that. I guess
my thing was, was to,
I wanted to get it
in front of people as
many people as I could.
And I knew that if
I could get it in
the app stores or in
the marketplaces and people kind
of search for things and
that might help me kind
of overcome the noise of
the web, if that makes
sense. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely. The
idea that I had, I
wrote a blog post recently
about marketplaces and kind of
the, the, what I call
the update. What is the,
the update treadmill where I
feel like I'm always looking
at my phone and I've
got 15 updates and stuff
like that. And I just
want my apps to be
updated, but at the same
time, it's really hard to
charge someone 99 cents for a
bookmark. Right. And that's true.
It's interesting that you mentioned
updates updates for me is,
has been a bit of
a pain to be quite
honest with you. And it's,
it's not through anything that
phone gap has done and
it's dealing with the different
marketplaces and kind of their,
their turnaround time when it
comes to updates. When I,
you know, when I developed
this, I kind of ran
the market as quick as
I could with a V
one that was barely functional
and didn't crash. And then
very quickly developed some updates
for it and got some
nice graphics and that kind
of stuff and was able
to get it out. And
the Androids were apparently pretty
quickly, but we're now sitting
on two weeks waiting for
that Apple sort of fruit
to update. Have you, have
you had the, the lovely
experience of having people review
your application and, and like,
say like, I'm looking at
your application. It like someone,
someone gave you a one
star review because they were
saying that they wanted more
information, but I'm looking at
your app and what he
wants is there. I think
he's just screwed up. He
it's very possible. He has
a valid point in that.
There's more information that I
could give and then I'll
actually put that out in
a laser version, but I'm,
I'm kinda stuck between a
rock and a hard place
waiting to Apple to update
the issue that update for
me, That exact same thing
happened to me too. No,
the interesting thing is, is
I've had a different experience
with each marketplace and I've
got one thing pending with
the windows phone marketplace. And
the reason it's not out
there just yet is, is
my own fault. I'd had
did something wrong. So I
just submitted a patch, but
Android kind of, once you
get approved and you want
to start pushing updates, they're
going to let you just
push updates. You know, whether
that's right wrong or indifferent.
I don't know that, but
you know, I push an
update and it's available that
day with Apple man. You
know, they, they're pretty brutal,
you know, not, not brutal
in the sense that they're
really tough on kind of
the standards that they have,
you know, they have their
standards and they are what
they are. It's just, it
takes forever to get something
through there. Yeah. I had
the same thing happened to
me with my little application,
my little, you know, image,
editor deal. It, I accidentally
lost three days because I
was wandering around inside the
marketplace and I changed a
misspelling in the description of
the application. And then when
I hit submit, that was
a new submission for, even
though I just changed the
misspelling, I had to wait
a day for them to
approve it. Right. It's a
big problem. I mean, this,
this whole marketplace concept, the
idea that, that there are
people in charge and I
have to wait around. I
mean, what must that feel
like to have a team
of dozens of people or
hundreds working on an application,
do they all hover around
the CEO's machine while he
hits submit? And then they
kind of wait three days
to launch their life, their
new startup. You know, that's
exactly a very interesting problem
in that. Now think about
software development as a whole.
I mean, I think we've
all kind of been there
when we shipped something and
then some you, as soon
as the first customer hits
it, you're like, Oh crap,
we forgot X. And now
since you're in this marketplace
world, if you forgot X,
it could be, who knows
how long before you're able
to get that out. And
then now your reputation is
solid and no one wants
to come back to you.
Exactly, exactly. The, the amount
of attention to detail for
these things is, is immense
because as web programmers and
I think you and I
are similar in this. If
you make a mistake, you've
got a continuous integration build.
You can get that thing
updated in an hour or
you're deploying continuously all day.
And you just tell the
user hit F five, right?
But if somebody, if, imagine
if someone imagine if someone
could go to your website,
click, Oh, this sucks and
hit one star ruin your
good review, you know, your,
your perfect reviews and then
leave. They'll never come back
and it's going to take
you a week to update
it. Exactly. That's what I'm
up against right now. So,
you know, hopefully all the,
if any of the handsome
and listeners go out there
and grab it, they'll give
me a nice review so
I can terrible one. I
got, Well, I, I, I
got a couple of bad
reviews myself. I ended up
actually reaching out to the
guy who gave me bad
reviews. I don't know if
you try that or not,
but apparently you can like
on windows phone, their name
is also their, their gamer
tag and there's Zune tag.
So you can email them
from the Zune application. So
I dunno if that's slightly
creepy or, or if that's
really good customer service, but
it, the guy answered. And
he was like very nice.
And he actually helped me
find a good bug. Okay.
I'll tell you one thing
I learned on the windows
phone seven side and getting
this into the windows phone
seven marketplaces. When you have
a windows phone project open,
there's a little thing and
there's a little menu option.
Then they're called open marketplace
test kit. I would highly
recommend everybody do that and
run through their set of
tests before you submit it
to the, to the windows
marketplace. Cause that really hit
me Really now. What is
that? That sounds like something
I need, You know, when
you, when you submit something
to the windows phone marketplace,
they ask you for a
bunch of information and images
and all kinds of stuff
like that. And then they
ask you to upload your
binary. Well, this is something
very similar in that you
put in your images and
it will make sure the
images are the right size
and all that kind of
stuff. And we'll also look
at your binary and basically
run a set of runtime,
you know, consider it unit
tests to see if you're
going to make it pass
some of these automated tests
they do in the windows
phone marketplace tests. Oh, alright.
I gotta get this. This
sounds very, very, very useful.
So it's kind of like
ethics cop or, you know,
you're doing a hell of
a check disk on your,
on your zip just to
catch the stupid things. Right.
So when you're in a
windows phone, seven app, if
you do project about five
down, it's open marketplace test
kit, and then run through
that and that'll save you
some of the headaches that
I've experienced, you know, some
of my self-impose headaches and
getting into the windows phone
seven marketplace. Well, see, this
is stuff I could have
used yesterday. Well, thanks for
letting me know, Amy, Tom,
if you want to know
something after the fact, I'm
happy to help. Yeah, absolutely.
Now do you know if
it's phone gap open source
or is that this is
a product? So that's a
little gray area that I,
as far as I know,
the company that produced phone
gap produced it as open
source, but they were recently
acquired by Adobe. And I
think it may have gone
close source of late, but
don't quote me on that.
Good. I know that you
had an, a Toby was
acquired by Adobe. I suspect
if they're doing this thing
in the, in, in the
cloud with the building, you
know, building things in the
cloud, it would make sense
to charge for that. And
it looks like the phone
gap build does charge. One
developer can do a unlimited
number of public applications, but
if you're gonna start doing
private apps or corporate applications
with phone gap, then they
start charging. But even then
it's, it's even their most
expensive one is not that
expense. No, it's not at
all. So, you know, I
guess more of the whole
story is, is that, you
know, I was able to,
without a Mac produced these,
these apps for Android and
iPhone, you know, just by
using Phonecast and I found
it, it was the community
is very helpful. They've got
some great forums and news
groups that are quick to
answer questions. And, and even
the guys like Andrew Lanae
over there who were running
that stuff, they'll, they'll email
you back. If you have
questions, Have you, have you
taken this, this project that
you've done on the side
and then thought about it
at your, at your work,
like now that you know
how to do this, is
this the kind of thing
where you could take to
your boss and say, Hey,
we can make a mobile
application for whatever we do.
It's funny. You should mention
that Scott. In fact, it
would appear that we're going
to start working off the
mobile apps here at work
and, you know, move forward
with them through this, through
this medium, you know, we're
all windows, ASP, net C
sharp developers here too. So
again, it was the same
barrier to entry here at
the corporate level that I
had personally, and that we
don't have anybody who knows,
you know, objective C or
these other things. So that's
why we never got into
it. But now this is
an Avenue to help us
break into that. And was
this as a result of
you taking your moonlighting project
and saying, Hey, look at
this. And they said, Oh
wow, this is great. Or
did you just say phone
gap is cool? No, that's
exactly how it was. Is
we kind of all sat
around the table and said,
Hey, here's how it works.
And here's what you get.
And here's what you can
do. And this makes sense.
And I think everybody agrees
in a 10. Do you
have a sense of what
kinds of applications would be
good for phone gap and
what kinds would not? You
know, there's, I'm sure there's
people out there who are
going to produce games for
it. And maybe HTML five
style games are good for
it, but I'm not sure
hardcore angry birds kinds of
apps would be great on
phone gap. You'd probably want,
you know, things that are
very graphic intensive. You'd probably
want to get as close
to the metal as you
can, but you know, things
like navigational interacting with data
apps like I have, you
know, I thought it worked
great. I didn't really have
any issues with that side
of it. Now, what kind
of phone do you have
personally? IPhone four. And have
you downloaded any applications on
the iPhone and discovered later
that they were phone gap
applications? I have not. I
have not. So I wonder
if there's no way for
you to discover that. I
guess I think some gap
has a on their site
from gap.com of some of
the things that are, that
are apps that are out
there. And I guess that
would be just about the
only way you could, you
could, I guess, I guess
what I'm wondering is that,
I mean, I pay attention
to this kind of stuff.
I'm sure you pay attention
If you could you notice
an application and go, Hey,
that doesn't feel right. Like
I know that my bank
first technology credit union has
just a horrible, horrible mobile
application. It's just awful. And
basically all they did was
they took their existing mobile
site and edit a toolbar
and then called it an
app. And it was, it's
not phone gap. It's just
garbage. Right. I've, I've seen
that quite a bit. And
that was something I've kind
of wanted to stray away
from because it's obviously just,
you know, a repackaging of
what they sat out there
and it's not necessarily native
for the device, but in
terms of, you know, bloating
up an app and going,
Hey, this must've been on
a phone gap. I, I
haven't seen anything. But the
one thing I would say
about phone gap performance is,
you know, interestingly, when you're
working with debugged versions of
your app, you know, you
have something built out in
the cloud and then you
install it on your and
your development. So, you know,
just like any debug build
the things it's pretty slow,
you know, and, you know,
giving them all the benefit
of the doubt. I am,
I am kind of debugging
iPhone three. So it's not
the fastest thing in the
world, but it's amazing to
me how once you do
a release build and you
get that actually installed through
the app store, how much
faster it seems. So, So
you really are at the
limit of whatever the browser
can do. You are. And
I guess my other point
is, is don't let you
know some of the slowness
you may see in the
debug build kind of let
you stray away from the
platform because it's been my
experience that when you get
a release build up and
out, I think performance much
better. Interesting. Interesting. Well, I
gotta check this out. I
wonder if this is going
to take off or this
will always be a niche
because I think that I'm
going to have to have
the guys from mano touch
on later because there's so
many different ways to do
this. Right. You could do
it in HTML five and
do the phone gap thing.
Right. You could write it
natively or you could use
kind of an intermediary kind
of thing, like motto, touch
where they're, they're, they're kind
of compiling to native code,
but they're making it just
so smooth from that from
the front end, had you
looked at mano touch or
thought about that when you
were going to go write
your application Just briefly. I
didn't spend a lot of
time looking at it. I
just found this and it
just sort of made sense
when I started looking so
Very cool. Very cool. Well,
people can check that out@phonegap.com
and if there's any Eagle
Scouts, they can check it
that out@atrailtoeagle.com. We'll put links
to both of those at
the, in the show notes.
This is good to know
that this out there I
got to think about, I
don't think that it's good
for my screen, my photo
editor application, like you said,
but it sounds like if
you were going to make
like a conference browser or
for, you know, for a
technical conference or a database
of information, or even even
a calculator or an application
for gosh, there's a million
different, sorry. My brain is
trying to think of a
million things I could do,
right? Yeah, you're right. I
mean, if you're going to
be entering and browsing and
moving around data forward and
backward, you can pretty much
do anything in, in HTML.
I think I'm going to
give this a try and
see. Maybe I could make
a nerd dinner, phone gap
application. You want to try
that? Maybe sounds like a
great idea. Yeah, let's let,
let's try that. Very cool.
Well, thanks Pete. I really
appreciate you coming on the
show. Thanks for having me.
This has been another episode
of Hansel minutes and we'll
see you again next week.